About PTK-Prowiz:
-----------------
PTK-Prowiz replayer adaption for uade

It's originally intended to be used with UADE for Protracker Clone mods like
Heatseaker,The Player and so on, where no 100% player is available for Unix,
yet. (XMP does a fairly good job though. Keep up the good work, Claudio! ;)

The replayer also plays to some extend Protracker, Noisetracker, Soundtracker
mods too, but don't rely on it that it plays them all 100%.

Because this replayer is real bad cludge it still refuses to work on the
real delitracker/eagleplayer on the amiga. (In short: don't try it :)


The Protracker playing is based on a PTK-3.0b replay by "The Welder/Divine"

The brillant Prowizard Converter is written and (c) by Nicolas Franck and
supports about 51 different Protracker clones, like The Player,
Trackerpacker and so on.

This adaption was glued together and messed up by me (mld <mldoering@gmx.de>)
So contact me in case of bugs, help or enhancements.


Usage:
------
1) for uade's console mode use the -P switch, e.g:
uade -P PTK-Prowiz -M P60A.PTKClone

2) for the xmms plugin. Copy "PTK-Prowiz" and "uadeformats" into your
playersdir (e.g. ~/.xmms/uade/players/) and load a mod file

Note: the mikmod or modplug plugin (if installed) will "capture" all files
with the *.mod extension before uade is able to play them in XMMS.
If you want plain 4 ch mods to be played with uade instead, rename them back to
the original Amiga filename notation MOD.* or disable the other mod plugins.
(note: you have to disable the mikmod plugin for 1.2.6, now it
 also captures mod.*)


Features:
---------
1)Known formats:

By Gryzor's Prowiz:

Digital Illusions, KRIS Tracker, Unic Tracker, Laxity Tracker,
Noise Packer 1.0 - 2.0, Noise Packer 3.0, Noise Runner, Eureka Packer,
P40A - P40B - P41A, P50A - P60A - P61A, Promizer 1.x, Promizer 2.0,
Promizer 4.0, ProPacker 1.0, ProPacker 2.1 - 3.0, ProRunner 1.0, 
ProRunner 2.0, Wanton Packer, Pha Packer, FC-M Packer, HeatSeeker mc1.0,
Xann Packer, SKYT Packer, Module Protector, Game Music Creator, Promizer 0.1
AC1D Packer, Pygmy Packer, Channel Players, StarTrekker Packer, Fuzzac Packer
Kefrens Sound Machine, STK_2.6 - IceTracker, Tracker Packer 1, 
Tracker Packer 2 - 3, NoiseTracker Pak, Polka Packer, Power Music, 
SoundTracker Pro 3.0, Zen Packer, Hornet Packer.


Plain MOD files:

Protracker/Fasttracker 4ch, Noisetracker, Startrekker 4 ch,
Soundtracker (15 instr)


2) Subsong support

A few game music files come with pseudo subsong by using the "D" effect.
Thanks to Don Adan, we are allowed to use his probing routine from his
Protracker eagleplayer, so the PTK_Prowiz is able to detect and play those
subsongs now, too.


Thanks to:
----------
Don Adan for letting us use his subsong probing routine from his Protracker
eagleplayer.

Sylvain "Asle" Chipaux for all the useful tips, his brillant and evil test
tunes and making me see it *is* useful to implement yet another PTK replayer ;)

Nicolas "Gryzor" Franck for his permission to use his Prowiz Converter. 
(merci beaucoup, Nicolas!)

"The Welder/Divine" for his protracker replay implementation.
(contact me, please!)

Xigh for his bug reports

The people on the Exotica Website mailing list. ;)


Known Issues:
-------------
Ultimate Soundtracker and some few other Soundtracker mods with 15 instr
still sound wrong. Yup, I know. I'll do something about it, when I feel
like it and find some time...

Sometimes some tracker clone files are not recognized and therefore not
played correctly... (Noiseconverter transformed  ones for example). 
This comes from the very strict checking routines in the Prowiz engine,
I think. I don't think it's a good idea to do something about it, the 
mods that were converted with the original converter should hopefully be
played alright.
So, I will leave the strict checkings like they are now.

Hmmh.. ok. if you are sure it's an implementation bug, or a
lacking feature, bug me again.
---------

Ok, now you have been warned, have fun. 

--mld.